readme.md, before:

# Stout #
**Contributors:** [godaddy](https://profiles.wordpress.org/godaddy), [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett), [jonathanbardo](https://profiles.wordpress.org/jonathanbardo), [eherman24](https://profiles.wordpress.org/eherman24)  
**Tags:**              [custom-background](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-background/), [custom-colors](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-colors/), [custom-header](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-header/), [custom-menu](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-menu/), [editor-style](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/editor-style/), [featured-images](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/featured-images/), [fixed-layout](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/fixed-layout/), [flexible-header](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/flexible-header/), [fluid-layout](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/fluid-layout/), [left-sidebar](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/left-sidebar/), [light](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/light/), [one-column](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/one-column/), [responsive-layout](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/responsive-layout/), [right-sidebar](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/right-sidebar/), [rtl-language-support](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/rtl-language-support/), [sticky-post](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/sticky-post/), [threaded-comments](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/threaded-comments/), [three-columns](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/three-columns/), [translation-ready](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/translation-ready/), [two-columns](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/two-columns/)  
**Requires at least:** 4.4  
**Tested up to:**      4.9  
**Stable tag:**        1.1.1  
**License:**           GPL-2.0  
**License URI:**       https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

Stout is a GoDaddy Primer child theme with a bold vibe.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme) [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme/master/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme/master?type=dev) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--2.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/godaddy/wp-stout-theme/blob/master/license.txt) [![PHP >= 5.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E=%205.2-8892bf.svg)](https://secure.php.net/supported-versions.php) [![WordPress >= 4.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/wordpress-%3E=%204.4-blue.svg)](https://wordpress.org/download/release-archive/)  

## Description ##

Stout is a GoDaddy Primer child theme with a bold vibe.

**Languages Supported:**

* English
* Dansk
* Deutsch
* Ελληνικά
* Español
* Español de México
* Suomi
* Français
* हिन्दी
* Bahasa Indonesia
* Italiano
* 日本語
* 한국어
* मराठी
* Bahasa Melayu
* Norsk bokmål
* Nederlands
* Polski
* Português do Brasil
* Português
* Русский
* Svenska
* ไทย
* Tagalog
* Türkçe
* Українська
* Tiếng Việt
* 简体中文
* 香港中文版
* 繁體中文

**Contributing:**

You can fork and contribute to Stout by visiting [our public repo on GitHub](https://github.com/godaddy/wp-stout-theme).

## Installation ##

1. In your admin panel, nagivate to **Appearance > Themes** and click the **Add New** button.
2. Type **Stout** in the search form and press the **Enter** key on your keyboard.
3. Click the **Activate** button to begin using Stout on your website.
4. In your admin panel, navigate to **Appearance > Customize**.
5. Put the finishing touches on your website by adding a logo, header image, and custom colors.

## Copyright ##

Stout WordPress theme, Copyright 2016 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC.
Stout is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

Stout WordPress Theme is child theme of Primer WordPress Theme, Copyright 2017 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC.
Primer WordPress Theme is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL

Stout bundles the following third-party resources:

Genericons icon font, Copyright 2013 Automattic, Inc.
License: GPL-2.0 (or later)
Source: https://genericons.com/

Stock photography, Pixabay
License: Creative Commons Zero
Source: https://pixabay.com/en/barbecue-burning-charcoal-cup-fire-1851134/

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

TODO

## Developer Tools ##

TODO

## Changelog ##

### 1.1.0 ###

* New: Added video header styles. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* New: Added pagination styles. @props [fjarrett](https://github.com/fjarrett), [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* New: Added priorities to theme functions for Primer compatibility. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* New: Added Ninja Forms compatibility styles. Styled response messages. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* Tweak: Various WooCommerce style tweaks, including i10n site specific tweaks. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* Fix: Fixed widget titles not rendering properly when using certain languages. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)

### 1.0.0 ###

* Initial release.

Commit message:

WordPress.org prep (#45)
* Revert image licensing back to unsplash
* Update readme.txt and regenerate readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Stout #
**Contributors:** [godaddy](https://profiles.wordpress.org/godaddy), [fjarrett](https://profiles.wordpress.org/fjarrett), [jonathanbardo](https://profiles.wordpress.org/jonathanbardo), [eherman24](https://profiles.wordpress.org/eherman24)  
**Tags:**              [custom-background](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-background/), [custom-colors](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-colors/), [custom-header](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-header/), [custom-menu](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/custom-menu/), [editor-style](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/editor-style/), [featured-images](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/featured-images/), [fixed-layout](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/fixed-layout/), [flexible-header](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/flexible-header/), [fluid-layout](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/fluid-layout/), [left-sidebar](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/left-sidebar/), [light](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/light/), [one-column](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/one-column/), [responsive-layout](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/responsive-layout/), [right-sidebar](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/right-sidebar/), [rtl-language-support](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/rtl-language-support/), [sticky-post](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/sticky-post/), [threaded-comments](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/threaded-comments/), [three-columns](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/three-columns/), [translation-ready](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/translation-ready/), [two-columns](https://wordpress.org/themes/tags/two-columns/)  
**Requires at least:** 4.4  
**Tested up to:**      4.9  
**Stable tag:**        1.1.0  
**License:**           GPL-2.0  
**License URI:**       https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

Stout is a GoDaddy Primer child theme with a bold vibe.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme) [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme/master/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/godaddy/wp-stout-theme/master?type=dev) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--2.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/godaddy/wp-stout-theme/blob/master/license.txt) [![PHP >= 5.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%3E=%205.2-8892bf.svg)](https://secure.php.net/supported-versions.php) [![WordPress >= 4.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/wordpress-%3E=%204.4-blue.svg)](https://wordpress.org/download/release-archive/)  

## Description ##

Stout is a GoDaddy Primer child theme with a bold vibe.

**Languages Supported:**

* English
* Dansk
* Deutsch
* Ελληνικά
* Español
* Español de México
* Suomi
* Français
* हिन्दी
* Bahasa Indonesia
* Italiano
* 日本語
* 한국어
* मराठी
* Bahasa Melayu
* Norsk bokmål
* Nederlands
* Polski
* Português do Brasil
* Português
* Русский
* Svenska
* ไทย
* Tagalog
* Türkçe
* Українська
* Tiếng Việt
* 简体中文
* 香港中文版
* 繁體中文

**Contributing:**

You can fork and contribute to Stout by visiting [our public repo on GitHub](https://github.com/godaddy/wp-stout-theme).

## Installation ##

1. In your admin panel, navigate to **Appearance > Themes** and click the **Add New** button.
2. Type **Stout** in the search form and press the **Enter** key on your keyboard.
3. Click the **Activate** button to begin using Stout on your website.
4. In your admin panel, navigate to **Appearance > Customize**.
5. Put the finishing touches on your website by adding a logo, header image, and custom colors.

## Copyright ##

Stout WordPress Theme is a child theme of Primer WordPress Theme, Copyright 2016 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC.
Primer WordPress Theme is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

Stout bundles the following third-party resources:

Genericons icon font, Copyright 2013 Automattic, Inc.
License: GPL-2.0 (or later)
Source: https://genericons.com/

Stock photography, Unsplash
License: Creative Commons Zero
Source: https://unsplash.com/photos/6Khbjy2v-GE/

## Changelog ##

### 1.1.1 ###

* Tweak: Various tweaks in preparation for WordPress.org submission. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)

### 1.1.0 ###

* New: Added video header styles. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* New: Added pagination styles. @props [fjarrett](https://github.com/fjarrett), [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* New: Added priorities to theme functions for Primer compatibility. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* New: Added Ninja Forms compatibility styles. Styled response messages. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* Tweak: Various WooCommerce style tweaks, including i10n site specific tweaks. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)
* Fix: Fixed widget titles not rendering properly when using certain languages. @props [evanherman](https://github.com/EvanHerman)

### 1.0.0 ###

* Initial release.
